Basketball App
API: https://www.balldontlie.io/

1. Use the API to fetch data
within the app.component about teams
and render each team in a new team.component
(Create a team interface based on the team object)
https://www.balldontlie.io/api/v1/teams


2. In the team component,
based on the conference (EAST/WEST) of the team add dynamic inline style to the team <div> that decides the background color of that <div>.
hint: You can use a ternary operator for this.
(East is blue, West is red, naturally :D )

3.
In the team component,
based on the division, add a dynamic class to each team <div> and style it however you like.

4.
Add a property that will conditionally control whether only West or East Team component elements will render, and create a button that calls a function that toggles that property. Set the property initially to either East or West.

5.1 In the Team component listen to a click event
that will emit the value of the team abbreviation to the parent app.component.

5.2 This event needs to trigger a method that makes an API call that gets players. Use the team abbreviation to only render the player from that team in a new Player component.
(Also create a player interface based on the player object)
https://www.balldontlie.io/api/v1/players

6.1 In the Player component,
render the player first name in lowercase. Don't use CSS or .toLowerCase()

6.2 Render the player last name in uppercase

7.1 Create a new stats component. Add an API call to pull stats and renders
a few properties.
(Don't bother creating an interface for this, the objects are too complex)

7.2 The fg_pct property should be rendered as a percent

7.3 Render the stat game.date property in this custom format 13 Aug 2022 (Sat), 14:22
(Use the documentations)

This is a large homework with many requests. It has everything we've learned to far and it will test your knowledge, but it will also give you a chance to use it
very similarly to how you would use it in a real application.
You DONT have to do it all at once. There is NO real deadline except the end of the angular subject.
But in any case, try to complete all the requirements, and of course, bonus points if you think of something extra to add.
Good luck!